LICEL LLC END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

SOFTWARE LICENSE

1. Grant of License. This End-User License Agreement ("License") is a legal
contract between Licensee (either (a) an individual user or (b) a business
organization) ("Licensee") and Licel, LLC ("Licensor" or "Licel") that contains
rights and restrictions associated with use of the accompanying software and
documentation ("Software"). The Software also includes any updates, add-on
components, web services and supplements that Licensor may in the future provide
to Licensee or make available to Licensee, to the extent such items are not
accompanied by a separate license agreement or terms of use. The Software is
licensed, not sold. Licensor is willing to license the Software to Licensee only
if Licensee accepts the terms and conditions of this License. Read the License
carefully before installing the Software. By installing and/or using the
Software, Licensee agrees to the terms and conditions of this License. Upon
Licensee's payment of the full license price and acceptance of this License,
Licel grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable
limited license to install and use the Software on the terms and conditions set
forth herein.

2. Restrictions on Use of Software. Licensee may install and use the Software
only for its internal business purposes. Licensee will not rent, lease, lend,
sublicense, redistribute or otherwise allow third parties to use the Software
directly or indirectly, whether on a time sharing, remote job entry, or service
bureau arrangement or to provide commercial hosting services to third parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee shall be permitted to perform all acts
necessary to use the Software for its intended purpose including providing
access to Software for independent consultants and subcontractors, solely for
Licensee's internal business purposes. Licensee may freely distribute
applications that it has processed using the Software.

3. Licensing Policy. Stringer is licensed per seat. You need a separate license 
for each developer workstation and build server. The license is perpetual. Each 
license includes free minor upgrades, e.g. from 4.2.1 to 4.5.0.

4. Technical support services. Each new licence includes complimentary 1-year 
technical support subscription. We guarantee response time of less than 24 hours 
(business days) or equal. Under this subscription you have unlimited number of tickets 
via email only.

5. No Modification Non-Use by Third Parties. Licensee may not modify the
Software files, executables, or otherwise. Use of this software is limited to
first party applications. Licensee may not, directly or indirectly, provide as a
service, use of the Software. By way of example, but not as limitations this
includes providing a networked interface to the software, direct or indirect use
of the Software for other persons by the Licensee, or knowingly allowing third
parties to access the Software. This License is for the use of the Software in
object code form only. Licensee agrees to take all reasonable precautions to
secure the Software from distribution to any third party.

6. Other Restrictions. Licensee agrees that the Software is the sole and
exclusive property of Licel and is proprietary to Licel. Licensee shall use the
Software only as expressly permitted by this License and shall keep confidential
and use the Licensee's best efforts to prevent and protect the contents of the
Software (or any part thereof) from unauthorized disclosure. Licensee shall not
modify, decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, or otherwise reverse engineer
Software. Software may not be leased, assigned, or sublicensed, in whole or in
part. Licensee accepts full responsibility for use of the Software including,
but not limited to, acceptance of full responsibility pursuant to third party
software and licensing agreements regarding the use of the Software to modify,
examine, or otherwise process such third party software. Licensee shall have
sole responsibility for the installation of the Software.

7. Maintenance or Other Services. If ordered by Licensee and upon payment of the
applicable fee, Licensee is entitled to receive technical support services,
including corrections, fixes and enhancements to the Software as such are made
generally available (the "Maintenance Services") from Licensor in accordance
with Licensor's then-current maintenance terms for the applicable maintenance
level purchased by Licensee. Maintenance services will not include any releases
of the Software that Licensor determines to be a separate product or for which
Licensor charges its customers extra or separately. The provision and use of
Maintenance Services is governed by the Licensor's policies and programs
described in the online documentation. Any supplemental software code provided
to Licensee as part of the Maintenance Services shall be considered part of the
Software and subject to the terms and conditions of this License.

8. Trademarks and Logos. This License does not authorize Licensee to use any
name, trademark or logo of Licensor. Licensee acknowledges that Licensor owns
the "Licel", "Stringer",
trademarks, logos and icons. Licensee shall neither take nor permit any action
that will delete or obscure Licensor's copyright legend on any Software and any
related documentation and materials.

9. Competitive Product Restriction. Licensee may not use, distribute or
integrate the Runtime Software with any general-purpose obfuscation,
optimization, size reduction, monitoring, or application lifecycle management
product that is generally competitive with Licel's product offerings; nor may
Licensee use the Software or Runtime Software to create a product that is
generally competitive with Licel's product offerings.

10. Disclaimer of Warranty. The Software is provided "AS IS," without any
warranty or representation of any kind. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY LICEL LLC AND ITS SUPPLIERS "AS IS"
WITHOUT ANY CONDITION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. ALL CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES,
WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED BY LICEL LLC AND ITS SUPPLIERS,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED CONDITIONS AND/OR WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN
THE EVENT OF ANY ACTUAL BREACH OF THIS LICENSE BY LICEL, LICENSEE'S SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE THE RECISSION OF THIS LICENSE AND RECOVERY OF ANY SUMS
PAID BY LICENSEE TO LICEL DURING THE PREVIOUS TWELVE MONTHS.

11. Limitation of Liability. LICEL AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY AS A RESULT OF USING OR
DISTRIBUTING SOFTWARE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE PRECEDING
SENTENCE, IN NO EVENT WILL LICEL OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST
REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF
LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LICEL
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

12. Termination. Licensee may terminate this License by either returning the
Software to Licel or destroying the Software (in which event, Licensee shall
certify in writing to Licel that such destruction has occurred). This License
will terminate immediately without notice from Licel if Licensee fails to comply
with any provision of this License. Upon such termination, Licensee must destroy
all copies of Software, and upon Licel's request, Licensee shall certify in
writing to Licel that such destruction has occurred. In the event of a
termination of the License for any reason or by any party, Licensee shall have
no right to claim a refund for any sums paid by Licensee to Licel. From and
after the termination of the License for any reason or by any party, Licensee
shall not use the Software for any purpose whatsoever and shall not disclose or
use the Software (or any part thereof) in any fashion.

13. Increased Usage. Should Licensee desire to increase its use of the Software
beyond that which it had contracted for, Licensee agrees that pricing for the
increased usage will be at the then current rates.

14. Severability. If any of the above provisions are held to be in violation of
applicable law, void, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then such provisions
are herewith waived to the extent necessary for the License to be otherwise
enforceable in such jurisdiction. However, if in Licensor's opinion deletion of
any provisions of the License by operation of this paragraph unreasonably
compromises the rights or increase the liabilities of Licensor or its licensors,
Licensor reserves the right to terminate the License and refund the fee paid by
Licensee, if any, and such refund shall be Licensee's sole and exclusive remedy.

15. No Waiver. No waiver by Licensor of any breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall be elective unless in writing signed by Licensor. No waiver
shall constitute a continuing waiver unless expressly provided in the writing
signed by Licensor.

16. Parties. Licensee and Licensor are independent parties. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as making Licensee an employee, agent or legal
representative of Licensor. There are no third-party beneficiaries of this
Agreement.

17. Taxes. Licel's fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by
taxing authorities, and Licensee shall be responsible for payment of all such
items.

18. Educational and Non-Commercial license. If you have aforementioned license you have
no right to use Stringer for commercial purposes.

19. Term. This Agreement commences on the earlier of either the date this
Agreement is accepted by requesting an activation code.

20. Third-Party Licenses. Information about third-party components and its
licenses can be found in distribution.

21. THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT MAY BE CHANGED UNILATERALLY BY LICEL AT ANY 
TIME. LATEST VERSION OF EULA CAN BE FOUND IN CURRENT VERSION OF DISTRIBUTION.